well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
legitimacy
and president trump and phone calls
in fiction
right now there are still
pundits and commentators leaning into
the idea that
somehow trump can still pull it off
and you have the attorneys out there
saying one thing in public and then
something else in court
creating this convenient fiction for the
masses
in hopes of securing their brand and
creating a situation that well there's a
bunch of reasons they could be doing it
but realistically at this point they're
probably not
trying to retain control
that's over something the american
people have never really had to worry
about
is who the recognized government is it's
something that has happened in other
countries
but it doesn't happen here because we've
always had
a peaceful transfer of power it's always
been
real simple real easy that transition is
already occurring
because it's not just government offices
that matter
it's not just the executive branch that
matters
on january 21st do you picture world
leaders
taking trump's phone calls
prank caller prank caller they're not
talking to him
what about international organizations
the u.n
nato no of course not
they'll talk to joe biden most
respectable media outlets have already
called it large companies within the
united states
they would have to be on board for trump
to retain power
they're not twitter has already said
that january 20th the potus account
belongs to joe biden this is all de
facto recognition
this is part of the transition it's
already occurring
what about state governments governors
mayors all of these people
they're also going to have to fall in
line
for him to retain power that's not
likely either
while the federal government has ceded
more and more power
to the executive branch our elections
are still very decentralized
they're determined at the county level
to undermine that requires an amazing
amount
of consensus trump
would have to build a coalition not
something he's really known for being
able to do
decentralized things like that once
they're in place
they're very resilient they last
they're hard to break even when
somebody's trying
this idea that the longer he
acts the way he's acting the more he
undermines faith in the american
institution of democracy
i don't know that that's true i think
that a large
part of the blame rests with the media
who continually leans into the idea that
maybe he still has a realistic shot
they're not treating it as the one in a
billion
chance that it really is
there's uh there aren't a lot of
pathways
left for the president
there's not a lot of ways that he can
even feign legitimacy anymore but they
still keep trading it
as though he's got a shot of pulling it
off
he doesn't he lost
and the longer they go without
treating him as the grumpy old man
who lost and can't accept it the more
people are losing faith
they're just as guilty if not more so
because if all of these pundits who have
chosen to lean into this idea for
ratings or views
if they all just said now well it's over
it's over they're the conduit
by which that message is spread they're
the ones
out out there undermining the
foundations of democracy in this country
that's realistically what it is
i think that should be remembered
because i think there are some people
who
aren't uh doing this in good faith
they don't truly believe that he has a
shot
but they're still treating it like that
because it
is good for views that drama
if they can drag that out till january
it'll be great i don't see a lot of ways
for him to even pretend
to have legitimate control
i don't see any way for him to actually
maintain control
because most of the state-level
governments
and the international community are
already
recognizing biden
i don't think it's right to
lean into this idea and not treat it as
the outside chance that it is
and scare people simply for writings
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day